.\" @@@ START COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.\" or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.\" distributed with this work for additional information
.\" regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.\" to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.\" "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.\" with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.\" software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.\" "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.\" KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.\" specific language governing permissions and limitations
.\" under the License.
.\"
.\" @@@ END COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\"#############################################################
.TH SQCORE 1 "05 May 2010" "SQ scripts" "SQ-SCRIPTS Reference Pages"
.SH NAME
sqcore \- Move core files to the head node
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sqcore
[
.B \-d |
.B \-h |
.B \-q |
.B \-r
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B sqcore
will collect any user core files generated in /database or $TRAF_HOME
across the cluster, and move them to the head node. 
.SH USAGE
.TP 7
.BI -d
Head node directory where the core files are to be moved. (Default $TRAF_LOG)
.TP
.BI -h
will display help.
.TP
.BI -q
Quiet Mode (no prompts)
.TP
.BI -r
Remove the user's core files after it has been moved.
.SH ASSUMPTIONS
The script assumes that it is run on the head node.
It also assumes that the user will take care of space limitations.
