.\" @@@ START COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.\" or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.\" distributed with this work for additional information
.\" regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.\" to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.\" "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.\" with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.\" software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.\" "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.\" KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.\" specific language governing permissions and limitations
.\" under the License.
.\"
.\" @@@ END COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\"#############################################################
.TH SQCOREFILE 1 "06 April 2012" "SQ scripts" "SQ-SCRIPTS Reference Pages"
.SH NAME
sqcorefile \- Display core-file information
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sqcorefile
[
.B \-e
]
[
.B \-l
]
[
.B \-p
]
[ <core>... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B sqcorefile
will display core-file information.
.br
Similar to the
.I
file
command,
.B sqcorefile
will display other information,
such as
.I
$TRAF_HOME.
.sp
If no core-files are specified,
.B sqcorefile
will look in the current working directory.
.SH USAGE
.TP 7
.BI -e
will display all environment variables from the core-file.
.I NOTE:
This will only work if
the core-file matches current binary/libraries.
.TP
.BI -l
will display LD_LIBRARY_PATH from the core-file.
.TP
.BI -p
will display PATH from the core-file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.I file.
