.\" @@@ START COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.\" or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.\" distributed with this work for additional information
.\" regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.\" to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.\" "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.\" with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.\" software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.\" "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.\" KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.\" specific language governing permissions and limitations
.\" under the License.
.\"
.\" @@@ END COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\"#############################################################
.TH SQGEN 1 "05 May 2010" "SQ scripts" "SQ-SCRIPTS Reference Pages"
.SH NAME
sqgen \- SQ Configuration Generator
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sqgen
[
.B \-ft |
.B \-h |
.B \-perf
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B sqgen
processes the specified file that describes the SQ configuration
(defaults to the file 'sqconfig') 
and generates several files that help with the setup, startup and
execution of the SQ environment.
.SH USAGE
.TP 7
.BI -ft
will configure for fault tolerance. 
.TP
.BI -h
will display help.
.TP
.BI -perf
will configure for performance benchmarks. 
.SH FILES GENERATED
$MY_SQROOT/etc/ms.env
$MPI_TMPDIR/cluster.conf
.LP
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/gomon.cold
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/gomon.warm
.LP
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.create
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.delete
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.backup
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.restore
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.mount
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_tse.unmount
.LP
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.create
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.delete
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.backup
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.restore
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.mount
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sq_ase.unmount
.LP
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sqstore.sqlci
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/ADPINFO.base.orig
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/sqshell
$MY_SQROOT/sql/scripts/dbsize
