.\" @@@ START COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.\" or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.\" distributed with this work for additional information
.\" regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.\" to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.\" "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.\" with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.\" software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.\" "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.\" KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.\" specific language governing permissions and limitations
.\" under the License.
.\"
.\" @@@ END COPYRIGHT @@@
.\"
.\"#############################################################
.TH SQSTATE 1 "04 October 2012" "SQ bin" "SQ-BIN Reference Pages"
.SH NAME
sqstate \- Display SQ state
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sqstate
[
OPTION
]\&.\.\.
<fully-qualified-plugin>...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B sqstate
displays the SQ state using the specified SQ-state-plugins.
.SH USAGE
.TP 15
.BI -h
Displays help.
.TP
.BI
.BI -icarg " <icarg>]..."
Specify interceptor argument.
.TP
.BI -l
Display plugins.
.TP
.BI -la
Display ALL plugins.
.TP
.BI -pstree
Display process tree.
.TP
.BI -pstreegraph
Display process tree graph.
.TP
.BI -selchild
Select children enabled.
.TP
.BI -selchildnid " <nid>[-<nid>][,<nid>[-<nid>]]...]..."
Select children with specified process-nid(s).
.TP
.BI -selchildproc " <proc>[,<proc>]...]..."
Select children with specified process-name(s).
.TP
.BI -selchildprog " <prog>[,<prog>]...]..."
Select children with specified program-name(s).
.TP
.BI -selchildtype " <type>[,<type>]...]..."
Select children with specified program-type(s).
.TP
.BI -self
Select self.
.TP
.BI -selnid " <nid>[-<nid>][,<nid>[-<nid>]]...]...
Select process with specified process-nid(s).
.TP
.BI -selopen
Select if open.
.TP
.BI -selproc " <proc>[,<proc>]...]..."
Select process with specified process-name(s).
.TP
.BI -selprog " <prog>[,<prog>]...]..."
Select process with specified program-name(s).
.TP
.BI -seltype " <type>[,<type>]...]..."
Select process with specified program-type(s).
.TP
.BI -unload
Unload plugin.
.TP
.BI -v
Set verbose output.
.TP
.BI -vv
Set more verbose output.
.TP
<fully-qualified-plugin> ::= <module>-<plugin>
.br
<icarg>                  ::= <string>
.br
<nid>                    ::= <integer>      # e.g. 3
.br
<proc>                   ::= <process-name> # e.g. $tm0
.br
<prog>                   ::= <program-name> # e.g. tm
.br
<type>                   ::= { amp            |
.br
                               backout        |
.br
                               dtm            |
.br
                               executor       |
.br
                               generic        |
.br
                               mxosrvr        |
.br
                               spx            |
.br
                               ssmp           |
.br
                               tse            |
.br
                               volumerecovery |
.br
                               watchdog }
